New pages: SVGFeSpecularLighting kernalUnitLegth values (#38815)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/svgfespecularlightingelement/kernelunitlengthx/index.md

---
title: "SVGFESpecularLightingElement: kernelUnitLengthX property"
short-title: kernelUnitLengthX
slug: Web/API/SVGFESpecularLightingElement/kernelUnitLengthX
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.SVGFESpecularLightingElement.kernelUnitLengthX
---

{{APIRef("SVG")}}

The **`kernelUnitLengthX`** read-only property of the {{domxref("SVGFESpecularLightingElement")}} interface reflects the x value of the {{SVGAttr("kernelUnitLength")}} attribute of the given {{SVGElement("feSpecularLighting")}} element.

> The `kernelUnitLength` attribute indicates the intended distance in current filter units, as determined by the value of attribute primitiveUnits, for the x and y coordinates. This property reflects the value, or the first value in a space-separated pair of values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `kernelUnitLength` attribute indicates the intended distance in current filter units, specified by the `primitiveUnits` attribute, for the x and y coordinates. It contains one or two values, with the y value defaulting to x if not present, and the `kernelUnitLengthX` property gets and sets the first value.
```
